what's up guys wait here on in this
video I'll show you how to jailbreak the
iPhone 3G running for point 0 beta 1
firmware so first off let me just say
that this jailbreak is only for iphone
3g it's not supported by iphone 2g or
the iphone 3gs and is not supported by
the ipod touch devices either and also
this jailbreak is only available for Mac
so Windows users won't have the
jailbreak for right now this is because
the jailbreak is really only meant for
developers to update their jailbroken
apps and the jailbreak really isn't
100-percent stable so you have to do
this at your own risk let me just show
that my iphone is running for pi know
right now
and there we go varying four point oh so
the first thing you're going to want to
do is you want to download a couple of
things you're gonna want to download the
iphone OS 4.0 software itself I mean go
ahead and just google that I'm not going
to supply link just because I don't want
my video to be taken down the second
thing you're gonna want to download is
red snow is 0.9 point 5 beta there is a
link to that software in the video
description if you'd like to download it
so you have to have both of those
downloads go ahead and connect your
iPhone up to your computer and open up
red snow you should get a screen that
looks like this and you want to do is
press browse and they're going to want
to find the iphone 4.0 beta software
that you downloaded will process the
firmware and should say ipsw
successfully identified go ahead and
click Next download the colonel and
prepare for the jailbreak after that you
should get a screen like this go ahead
and leave the install cydia option
selected don't really need to select
anything else right now go ahead and
click next on the next thing you should
see is some honest tree instructions
please make sure your device is off and
plugged in the computer let me just turn
it off now and the next steps are some
steps into how to put it into dfu mode
just go ahead and just click next and
hold the power button for a couple
seconds the home and the power button
for about 10 seconds
and release the power button keep
holding the home button for about 30
seconds
and you should get a screen like this
have some text on it waiting for reboot
all right phone should be flashing and
they should pop up downloading jailbreak
data and up here say uploading ram disk
with the progress bar showing how the
jailbreak is going right now
and there we go all done for the redsnow
part out here just downloading the rest
of the jailbreak data and it will reboot
here in a minute alright so the iphone
is booting up now and should boot up
into the iphone 4 point 0 beta software
fully jailbroken but and slide to unlock
and show you that there is a big white
icon says Cydia go ahead and just open
that well reorganize and run through its
processes alright so we got cydia loaded
up now and i'll just show you it's got
all the options that it did on iphone OS
3.1 point 3 if you have that jailbroken
the only thing is you'll have to refresh
the sources manually as the only package
is shown are the ones that come
pre-installed when you jailbreak so i'll
just show you that I'm still running
iphone OS four point oh going back into
settings here general about and still
running four point oh so that's the
jailbreak if you have any questions feel
free to ask me if you have any problems
you can send me a message or post a
comment I'll try to help you out the
best I can I'm again jailbreak not the
most stable thing right now probably
going to have some problems but this is
for those of you who are impatient and
don't want to wait for an official
release of the jailbreaking software you
can have fun messing around with this
and I will see you in the next